A bug in the hand is better than one as yet undetected.
A computer program does what you tell it to do, not what you want it to do.
A computer scientist is someone who fixes things that aren't broken.
A crash reduces your expensive computer to a simple stone.
A journey of a thousand sites begins with a single click.
A true Klingon Warrior does not comment his code!
A user and his leisure time are soon parted.
All computers run at the same speed... With the power off.
All wiyht. Rho sritched mg kegtops awound?
Any given program will expand to fill available memory.
Any nitwit can understand computers. Many do. — Ted Nelson
Artificial intelligence usually beats real stupidity.
Artificial Intelligence: Making computers behave like they do in the movies.
As a computer, I find your faith in technology amusing!
As of next week, passwords will be entered in Morse code.
Asking whether machines can think is like asking whether submarines can swim.
Backup not found: (A)bort (R)etry (P)anic?
Base 8 is just like base 10, if you are missing two fingers. — Tom Lehrer
Beware of programmers who carry screwdrivers. — Leonard Brandwein
Breakthrough: It finally booted on the first try.
Compatible: Gracefully accepts erroneous data from any source.
Computer and car salesmen differ in that the latter know when they are lying.
Computer chips are so small because computers don't eat much.
Computer: A device designed to speed up and automate errors.
Computers are a more fun way to do the same work you'd have to do without them.
Computers are not intelligent — they just think they are.
Computers make very fast, very accurate mistakes.
Counting in binary is just like counting in decimal if you are all thumbs.
Diagnostics are the programs that run when nothing else will.
Don't pay computer programmers too much money, it just encourages the bad ones.
Enter any 11-digit prime number to continue.
Error, no keyboard. Press F1 to continue.
Ethernet: Something used to catch the etherbunny.
Every program in development expands until it can read mail.
Everybody needs a little love sometime; stop hacking and fall in love!
f u cn rd ths, u cn gt a gd jb n cmptr prgrmmng.
Hardware: The parts of a computer system that can be kicked.
Help,MySpaceBarIsBroken!AnndMyBBackspaaceKeyyToo!
How much net work could a network work, if a network could net work?
I haven't lost my mind; it's backed up on tape somewhere.
I'm a firm believer in baseball bat therapy for computers. — Dan Gookin
If a program is useful, it must be changed.
If a program is useless, it must be documented.
If a train station is where the train stops, what is a work station?
If at first you don't succeed, you must be a programmer.
If it was easy, the hardware people would take care of it.
If it's not in the computer, it doesn't exist.
It's a bad sign when you need a screwdriver to install a new operating system.
Keyboard: The standard way to generate computer errors.
Life would be so much easier if we could just look at the source code.
Login incorrect. Only perfect spellers may enter this system.
Mouse: An advanced input device to make computer errors easier to generate.
My software never has bugs. It just develops random features.
No program done by a hacker will work unless he is on the system.
Press any key... No, no, no, NOT THAT ONE!
Program: A magic spell that converts input data to error messages.
Programming Department: Mistakes made while you wait.
Software is to computers as yeast is to dough. — Chuck Bradshaw
Some programming languages manage to absorb change but withstand progress.
Spelling checker: Converts spelling errors into malapropisms.
State-of-the-art: Any computer you can't afford.
Syntax error: "Hello, I want to buy a computer and money is no object."
The amount of clue on the Internet remains constant. — Evi Nemeth
The computer is mightier than the pen, the sword, and usually, the programmer.
The generation of random numbers is too important to be left to chance.
The hardest bugs to find are the easiest ones to fix.
The program is absolutely right; therefore, the computer must be wrong.
The steady state of disks is full. — Ken Thompson
The world will end in 5 minutes. Please log out.
There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third one works.
There's no place like http://www.home.com.
This system will self-destruct in five minutes.
Those who can, do. Those who cannot, teach. Those who cannot teach, HACK!
Three things are certain: Death, taxes, and lost data. Guess which occurred.
To be, or not to be, those are the parameters.
To err is human; to forgive, beyond the scope of the Operating System.
To err is human; to really foul things up requires a computer.
Upgrade: Take old bugs out, put new ones in.
You depend too much on computers for information.
You forgot to do your backup 16 days ago. Tomorrow you will need that version.
You have a tendency to feel you are superior to most computers.
You know it is going to be a bad day when you forget your new password.
